"Toor... Shul!"

"Nid! Horvutah med kodaav. Caught like a bear in a trap... Zok frini grind ko grah drun viiki, Dovahkiin. Ah. I forget. You do not have the dovah speech. My... eagerness to meet you in battle was my... undoing, Dovahkiin. I salute your, hmm, low cunning in devising such a grahmindol - strategem ."

"Zu'u bonaar. You went to a great deal of trouble to put me in this... humiliating position. Hind siiv Alduin, hmm? No doubt you want to know where to find Alduin?"

"Rinik vazah. An apt phrase. Alduin bovul. One reason I came to your call was to test your Thu'um myself. Many of us have begun to question Alduin's lordship, whether his Thu'um was truly the strongest. Among ourselves, of course. Mu ni meyye. None were yet ready to openly defy him."

"Unslaad krosis. Innumerable pardons. I digress. He has travelled  to Sovngarde to regain his strength, devouring the sillesejoor... the souls of the mortal dead. A privilege he jealously guards... His door to Sovngarde is at Skuldafn, one of his ancient fanes high in the eastern mountains. Mindoraan, pah ok middovahhe lahvraan til. I surely do not need to warn you that all his remaining strength is marshalled  there. Zu'u lost ofan hin laan... now that I have answered your question, you will allow me to go free?"

"Aam? Serve you? ...no. Ni tiid. If and when you defeat Alduin, I will reconsider. Hmm... krosis. There is one detail about Skuldafn I neglected to mention."

"Hmm... krosis. There is one detail about Skuldafn I neglected to mention."

"Only this. You have the Thu'um of a dovah, but without the wings of one, you will never set foot in Skuldafn. Of course, I could fly you there. But not while imprisoned like this."

"Indeed. Orin brit ro. I cannot leave here until you defeat Alduin, which you cannot do without my help."

"Ahraan. You wound me, Dovahkiin. I may not tell the whole truth, but I am no liar. Go and see for yourself. Zu'u ni bo nol het. I will be here... unless Alduin returns before you do."

"Onikaan koraav gein miraad. It is wise to recognize when you only have one choice. And you can trust me. Zu'u ni tahrodiis. Alduin has proven himself unworthy to rule. I go my own way now. Free me, and I will carry you to Skuldafn."

"You will release me - ro laan - if in return I promise to take you to Skuldafn and stop helping Alduin?"

"Zu'u ni tahrodiis. It was you that lured me here and took me prisoner... vobalaan grahmindol. I have done nothing to earn your distrust."

"Hin aar, orin nu. And yet here I am, still your prisoner."

"Onikaan koraav gein miraad. It is wise to recognize when you only have one choice. And you can trust me. Zu'u ni tahrodiis. Alduin has proven himself unworthy to rule. I go my own way now. Free me, and I will carry you to Skuldafn."

"Faas nu, zini dein ruthi ahst vaal."

"Saraan uth - I await your command, as promised. Are you ready to see the world as only a dovah can?

"Zok brit uth! I warn you, once you've flown the skies of Keizaal, your envy of the dov will only increase. Amativ! Mu bo kotin stinselok."

"Kreh zini! The freedom of the sky beckons! Yet I stay here, nau gol, as promised."

"This is as far as I can take you. Krif voth ahkrin. I will look for your return, or Alduin's."

"Pruzah wundunne wah Wuth Gein. I wish the old one luck in his... quest. But I doubt many will wish to exchange Alduin's lordship for the tyranny of Paarthurnax's "Way of the Voice". As for myself, you've proven your mastery twice over. Thuri, Dovahkiin. I gladly acknowledge the power of your Thu'um."

"If Alduin himself could not stand against your Thu'um, I feel no shame in my own defeat. And so Alduin's lordship passes to you. Thuri, Dovahkiin. I gladly submit to your mastery of the Thu'um."

"Zu'u Odahviing. Call me when you have need, and I will come if I can."
